Review and edits to Protect a web service by using bearer token authentication tutorial (#37616)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-bearer-token-authentication-tutorial.adoc

The solution is located in the `security-openid-connect-quickstart` link:{quickstarts-tree-url}/security-openid-connect-quickstart[directory].

> :sectnums:

Reviewer: The numbering scheme is unusual, I know some other OIDC and security tutorials still use it, but these docs are in minority, simple TOC works fine, as far as I recall I removed it based on the feedback from QE, I'd rather keep removing the numbers in other docs instead

Reviewer: @sheilamjones FYI, the PR which goes to 3.6 will also remove the numbering scheme, so IMHO it is ok without reintroducing it

Author: Hi @sberyozkin, I saw that alright that the numbering was removed in 3.6. I think it was previously removed (or after feedback from QE) because there was an issue with the numbering itself. It wasn't rendering correctly and was rendering with a dot before each number as well as after, that is,  ".1", ".2" etc. 
We fixed this in this latest version on Main, by removing the extra subheading "Procedure".  IMHO, I think the numbering does help to differentiate each individual step of the tutorial. Perhaps, I could remove for now and revisit it again in the future.

Reviewer: @sheilamjones OK, sure, lets have a wider discussion, I kind of like a non-numbering scheme, but appreciate you like the alternative, so I will support the numbering one if we have a wide enough consensus :-)

Author: Sounds good. I removed the numbering from here for now, but think it would be good to revisit this collectively and have a wider consensus on numbering in the tutorials. Many thanks.

The `%prod.` profile prefix ensures that `Dev Services for Keycloak` launches a container when you run the application in development (dev) mode.
For more information, see the <<keycloak-dev-mode>> section.

> * `quarkus.oidc.client-id` sets a client ID that identifies the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `quarkus.oidc.client-id` sets a client id that identifies the application.
```

include::{includes}/devtools/dev.adoc[]
====
* xref:security-openid-connect-dev-services.adoc[Dev Services for Keycloak] will start a Keycloak container and import a `quarkus-realm.json`.
. Open a xref:dev-ui.adoc[Dev UI], which you can find at http://localhost:8080/q/dev-ui[/q/dev-ui].

> Then, in an OpenID Connect `Dev UI` card, click the `Keycloak provider` link .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in an `OpenID Connect` card, click the `Keycloak provider` link .
```

Suggesting this minor update because Dev UI contains the cards such as `OpenId Connect`

. When prompted to log in to a `Single Page Application` provided by `OpenID Connect Dev UI`, do the following steps:

 * Log in as `alice` (password: `alice`), who has a `user` role.
 ** Accessing `/api/admin` returns a `403` status code.
 ** Accessing `/api/users/me` returns a `200` status code.

>  * Log out and log back in as `admin` (password: `admin`), who has both `admin` and `user` roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Log out and log back in as `admin` (password: `admin`), with both `admin` and `user` roles.
```

Author: @MichalMaler: Many thanks for your suggestions. I implemented your earlier comments, however, for this one, I would prefer to keep as it is because similar language to describe the access privileges of other users is used i.e. the users "have" certain roles. I hope this is okay.

Reviewer: IMHO `with` does not quite work, one does not login with some roles, someone logs in, and the system checks what roles this user has

>  * Log out and log back in as `admin` (password: `admin`), who has both `admin` and `user` roles.

Author: I like your suggestion. Updated to "log out and log in again"
